📝 Add the Documentation for the TimerBoundaryEvent (#17)
atlas-engine/ContributionGuidelines: docs/getting_started/bpmn_elements/boundary_event.md

# Boundary Event

A boundary event is an Event which is attached to a task. When even the

> attached event happens while executing the task, the Task Execution is interrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Boundary Event is an Event that is attached to a Task. When the
attached event is triggered, the Task execution is interrupted.
```

Instead, a special path which deviates from the attached Event is executed.

![boundary_event](images/boundary_event/boundary_event.svg)

## Boundary Event Types

> There are several types of boundary events available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several types of Boundary Events available.
```

### Message Boundary Event

This Boundary event is triggered, if a message arrives during the task

> execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Boundary event is triggered if a message arrives during the execution of the Task.
```

The property of the Message Boundary Event is the target message.

![message_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/message_boundary_event.svg)

### Signal Boundary Event

The Signal Boundary event is triggered, if a signal arrives during the task

> execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Signal Boundary event is triggered if a signal arrives during the execution of the Task.
```

The property of the Signal Boundary Event is the target message.

![signal_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/signal_boundary_event.svg)

### Error Boundary Event

If an Error was thrown, while the Task was executed, it will be catched by this
Boundary event. Its useful to handle certain errors which can be thrown by

> the task, where this boundary event is attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Error was thrown while the Task was executed it will be caught by this
Boundary Event.
It is useful for handling certain errors that can be thrown by the Task to which this Boundary Event is attached to.
```

> As a property its necessary to define the expected error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to define the expected error as a property.
```

![error_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/error_boundary_event.svg)

### Timer Boundary Event

The Timer Boundary Event is triggered, if the attached Timer was also triggered.
For example this may be useful if you want to cancel a task execution after a

> given amount of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Timer Boundary Event is triggered when the attached Timer is also triggered.
This can be useful, for example, if one wants to cancel the execution of a Task after a certain period of time.
```

# Boundary Event

A Boundary Event is an Event that is attached to a Task. When the
attached event is triggered, the Task execution is interrupted.

> Instead, a special path which deviates from the attached Event is executed.

Reviewer 2: Das ist nicht ganz richtig. Es gibt auch Boundary Events, die _nicht_ interrupting sind.

```suggestion
A Boundary Event is a type of Event that is attached to an activity.

It can be used to start new execution paths from the activity on. 

It has the same lifecycle as the activity it is attached to. When the activity finishes, the Boundary Event also stops.

## Interrupting vs Non-Interrupting

Boundary Events can be either interrupting or non-interrupting.

### Interrupting Boundary Event

An _interrupting_ Boundary Event will cause the decorated activity to cease all operation immediately.
The Process Instance will also be redirected through the path that starts at the Boundary Event.
The original path that followed the activity, will not be taken.

### Non-Interrupting Boundary Event

A non-interrupting Boundary Event will start a new execution path whenever it is triggered, but it will not cause the activity to cease operation.
In fact, the activity will just keep on working, until it is either finished or the Process Instance is terminated.

Note that a non-interrupting Boundary Event can be triggered multiple times. It will only stop working, if the decorated activity stops working.
```

> ![boundary_event](images/boundary_event/boundary_event.svg)

Reviewer 2: Ich würd das Schaubild hier auf den Task und das Boundary Event fokussieren, so wie bei den anderen Docs auch.

Ein vollständiges Sample kann man später noch einfügen. Zu Beginn muss den User erst einmal erklärt werden, was so ein Boundary Event überhaupt ist.
Danach kann man Beispiele zeigen.

## Boundary Event Types

There are several types of Boundary Events available.

### Message Boundary Event

This Boundary event is triggered if a message arrives during the execution of
the Task.

> The property of the Message Boundary Event is the target message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Message Boundary Event can be used to intercept messages during the execution of the decorated activity.

Whenever a matching message is received, a new execution path starts at the Message Boundary Event.

It can be either interrupting, or non-interrupting.
```

> ![message_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/message_boundary_event.svg)

Reviewer 2: Hier z.B. ist das Beispiel ok, denn der User weis nun was ein Boundary Event überhaupt ist. :+1:

Reviewer 2: Ich würd hier allerdings noch ein Bild vom Property Panel einfügen, das zeigt, wie man so ein Event konfiguriert.

### Signal Boundary Event

The Signal Boundary event is triggered if a signal arrives during the execution
of the Task.

> The property of the Signal Boundary Event is the target message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Signal Boundary Event can be used to intercept signals during the execution of the decorated activity.

Whenever a matching message is received, a new execution path starts at the Signal Boundary Event.

It can be either interrupting, or non-interrupting.
```

> ![signal_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/signal_boundary_event.svg)

Reviewer 2: s.o., hier sollte auch ein Bild vom Property Panel zu sehen sein, das zeigt, wie man so ein Signal konfiguriert.

### Error Boundary Event

If an Error was thrown while the Task was executed it will be caught by this
Boundary Event.
It is useful for handling certain errors that can be thrown by the Task to which
this Boundary Event is attached to.

It is necessary to define the expected error as a property.

> ![error_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/error_boundary_event.svg)

Reviewer 2: Das hier solte als erstes dokumentiert werden, da es wahrscheinlich das wichtigste von allen ist.

```suggestion
### Error Boundary Event

Error Boundary Events can be used to catch errors on an activity.
They can either catch all errors, or only errors that have certain codes and/or texts.

This is very useful for preventing activity errors from crashing a Process Instance.
Unhandled errors on an activity would cause the Process Instance to fail, 
Using an Error Boundary Event can enable you to redirect the Process Instance through another path and still finish it regularly.

An Error Boundary Event is by its very nature always interrupting.

![error_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/error_boundary_event.svg)
```

### Timer Boundary Event

The Timer Boundary Event is triggered when the attached Timer is also triggered.
This can be useful, for example, if one wants to cancel the execution of a Task

> after a certain period of time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Timer Boundary Event is triggered when the attached Timer expires.

This can be useful for periodically reminding users that they still have a task left to finish, or for ensuring that a task will only ever run a certain amount of time.

A Timer Boundary Event can be interrupting, nor non-interrupting.
```

It can be either interrupting, or non-interrupting.

![message_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/message_boundary_event.svg)

<img width="350px" src="images/boundary_event/message_boundary_event_property_panel.png">

### Signal Boundary Event

A Signal Boundary Event can be used to intercept signals during the execution of the decorated activity.

Whenever a matching signal is received, a new execution path starts at the Signal Boundary Event.

It can be either interrupting, or non-interrupting.

![signal_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/signal_boundary_event.svg)

<img width="350px" src="images/boundary_event/signal_boundary_event_property_panel.png">

### Error Boundary Event

An Error Boundary Event is by its very nature always interrupting. It can be used to catch errors on an activity.
They can either catch all errors, or only errors that have certain codes and/or texts.

This is very useful for preventing activity errors from crashing a Process Instance.
Unhandled errors on an activity would cause the Process Instance to fail.
Using an Error Boundary Event can enable you to redirect the Process Instance through another path and still finish it regularly.

> ![error_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/error_boundary_event.svg)

Reviewer 2: Und zum **dritten** mal: Das Error Boundary Event bitte als **erstes** auflisten...

# Boundary Event

A Boundary Event is a type of Event that is attached to an activity.

> It can be used to start new execution paths from the activity on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can be used to start new execution paths that start at the Boundary Event.
```

It has the same lifecycle as the activity it is attached to. When the activity finishes, the Boundary Event also stops.

## Interrupting vs Non-Interrupting

Boundary Events can be either interrupting or non-interrupting.

### Interrupting Boundary Event

An _interrupting_ Boundary Event will cause the decorated activity to cease all operation immediately.
The Process Instance will also be redirected through the path that starts at the Boundary Event.
The original path that followed the activity, will not be taken.

### Non-Interrupting Boundary Event

A non-interrupting Boundary Event will start a new execution path whenever it is triggered, but it will not cause the activity to cease operation.
In fact, the activity will just keep on working, until it is either finished or the Process Instance is terminated.

Note that a non-interrupting Boundary Event can be triggered multiple times. It will only stop working, if the decorated activity stops working.

> ![boundary_event](images/boundary_event/boundary_event.svg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can be used to start new execution paths from the activity on.

![boundary_event](images/boundary_event/boundary_event.svg)

It has the same lifecycle as the activity it is attached to. When the activity finishes, the Boundary Event also stops.

## Interrupting vs Non-Interrupting

Boundary Events can be either interrupting or non-interrupting.

### Interrupting Boundary Event

An _interrupting_ Boundary Event will cause the decorated activity to cease all operation immediately.
The Process Instance will also be redirected through the path that starts at the Boundary Event.
The original path that followed the activity, will not be taken.

### Non-Interrupting Boundary Event

A non-interrupting Boundary Event will start a new execution path whenever it is triggered, but it will not cause the activity to cease operation.
In fact, the activity will just keep on working, until it is either finished or the Process Instance is terminated.

Note that a non-interrupting Boundary Event can be triggered multiple times. It will only stop working, if the decorated activity stops working.
```

## Boundary Event Types

There are several types of Boundary Events available.

### Message Boundary Event

A Message Boundary Event can be used to intercept messages during the execution of the decorated activity.

Whenever a matching message is received, a new execution path starts at the Message Boundary Event.

It can be either interrupting, or non-interrupting.

![message_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/message_boundary_event.svg)

<img width="350px" src="images/boundary_event/message_boundary_event_property_panel.png">

### Signal Boundary Event

A Signal Boundary Event can be used to intercept signals during the execution of the decorated activity.

> Whenever a matching message is received, a new execution path starts at the Signal Boundary Event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever a matching signal is received, a new execution path starts at the Signal Boundary Event.
```

It can be either interrupting, or non-interrupting.

![signal_boundary_event](images/boundary_event/signal_boundary_event.svg)

<img width="350px" src="images/boundary_event/signal_boundary_event_property_panel.png">

### Error Boundary Event

Error Boundary Events can be used to catch errors on an activity.
They can either catch all errors, or only errors that have certain codes and/or texts.

This is very useful for preventing activity errors from crashing a Process Instance.

> Unhandled errors on an activity would cause the Process Instance to fail, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unhandled errors on an activity would cause the Process Instance to fail.
```

Using an Error Boundary Event can enable you to redirect the Process Instance through another path and still finish it regularly.

> An Error Boundary Event is by its very nature always interrupting.

Reviewer 2: Das hier würde ich immernoch als erstes auflisten.
